# CambridgeDataSparkThe output I created from each module of the Cambridge Data Spark in Data Science.## What is in each of the folders?### Module 1 Python Fundamentals 1. **fundamentals.py** - 17 self-written functions demonstrating algorithm design *as well as* basic plotting, use of loops, matrix operations and coding cosine simularity.### Module 2 Exploratory Data Analysis 1. **eda_part1.py** - demonstrating investigation of a dataset (comments are included showing my train of investigation). Rudimentary handling of null values, PCA and visual investigation of feature relationships. Also the identification of and removal of features that provided insufficient additional information. Comments on lines 496 to 511 show summary. 2. **eda_part2.py** - Focus on developing clusters of customers involving feature selection, standardisation, creating clusters (KMeans) and silhouette score. 3. **eda_unsupervised.py** - 4 methods implemented demonstrating various features of E.D.A Removing NaN, cleaning features of high/low values, feature extraction using  the difference between two classes, manual coding of one-hot encoding.### Module 3 Semisupervised Learning 1. **suplearn.py** - 3 methods, one focusing on datetime arithmetic, 2 focusing on text cleaning for location names and postcodes 2. **model.py** - feature engineering and use of LDA to predict successful kickstarter campaigns. (LDA was the best technique of those I knew! - see feature_extraction_model.ipynb for my route to this).3. **feature\_extraction\_model.ipynb** - my _rudimentary_ lines of investigation to get to the code in model.py!